Update mesh API documentation (#233)
nginxinc/nginx-service-mesh: docs/content/get-started/configuration.md

This document provides an overview of the various options you can configure when deploying NGINX Service Mesh. We strongly recommended that you review all of the available options discussed in this document *before* deploying NGINX Service Mesh.

{{< tip >}}

> If you need to manage your config after deploying, you can use the NGINX Service Mesh API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage your configuration after deployment, you can use the NGINX Service Mesh API. 
```

Trying to make it less casual in tone.
